{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22300\viewh9160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rasa is an open source framework for building high performance resilient chatbots. Rasa X is a tool for Conversation- Driven Development, which helps in the process of listening to users and using those insights to improve AI assistants. Rasa X provide GUI which helps in assistance based learning. The GUI also helps to choose which model we can use. \
\
Except UI_app folder rest of the folders and files are created by 
\f1\b rasa init 
\f0\b0 command. \
\
Please run the below commands to setup Rasa on your workstation\
\
Setup virtual environment:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 python3 -m venv chatbot3
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
cd chatbot\
\
source bin/activiate\
\
In your virtual environments please run the below commands. With latest rasa we are getting tensor flow 2.6 which is not compatible with Rasa so we have to uninstall the latest tensorflow version and then install tensorflow 2.3.4 for rasa server to work. Please follow the below install commands. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 pip install rasa
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \

\f3\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 pip install spacy
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 python -m spacy download en
\f4\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \

\f3\fs22 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm\
pip uninstall tensorflow\
pip install tensorflow==2.3.4\
pip install flas
\f2\b0 k
\f5\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
After you do the installations do rasa init to setup rasa folder structure. \
\

\f4\b rasa init. 
\f5\b0 \
\
It will prompt for directory just continue with pressing enter and press Y for other any prompts. Below are the prompts that show up. \
\
Please enter a path where the project will be created [default: current directory]\
Directory '/Users/ltullur/Documents/chatbot3' is not empty. Continue? Yes \
? Do you want to train an initial model? 
\f6 \uc0\u55357 \u56490 \u55356 \u57341 
\f5  Yes \
Do you want to speak to the trained assistant on the command line? No\
\
In order to speak to Rasa on command line you have \
\

\f4\b rasa shell
\f5\b0 \
\
In order to run rasa server so that we can capture the results in flask app type the below command in terminal. The below will spin a Rasa server \
\

\f4\b rasa run -m models --enable-api\
\

\f5\b0 Open another terminal and go the folder where your app.py is present.
\f0\fs26  In my case (\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 /Users/ltullur/Documents/chatbot3/UI_app) and run the below command and it will launch the application in browser and you can chat with the chatbot assistant. 
\f2\fs22 \
\

\f4\b\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 python app.py
\f5\b0 \
\
\
}